TNT is the graphical front end supporting 2-D electromagnetic field
solvers developed at the Mayo Special Purpose Processor Development
Group (Mayo SPPDG).  These field solvers can compute per-unit-length
electrical characteristics from two dimensional descriptions of
transmission lines.

Mayo SPPDG has been implementing and using a variety of
electromagnetic modeling tools since the mid-1980s in support of its
primary research mission: developing next generation electronics
technology for high speed signal processor applications.  The
Mayo-developed applications have been known as the "MMTL"
applications, for Multilayer Multiconductor Transmission Line analysis
tools.  For more information about Mayo SPPDG, visit
http://www.mayo.edu/sppdg/

TNT is primarily a Tcl/Tk script application, and requires Tcl, Tk,
Incr Tcl, IWidgets, and BWidget packages.  These packages are freely
available, and the source code can be downloaded from
http://tcl.sourceforge.net/, http://incrtcl.sourceforge.net/, and
http://tcllib.sourceforge.net/.  Or you can download and install a
free binary distribution of ActiveTcl which includes all these (and
many other) packages from http://www.activestate.com/tcl/.

TNT and MMTL field solver programs are available on the web.  See:

  http://mmtl.sourceforge.net/


----

Copyright (C) Mayo Foundation 2002-2004.

TNT is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with TNT; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the Free
Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA
02111-1307 USA
